Add Phoenix LiveView integration in the Elixir docs (#9766)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/elixir/integrations/plug_and_phoenix/index.mdx

+  plug Sentry.PlugContext
```

> If you're also using [Phoenix LiveView](https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view), consider also setting up your LiveViews to use the `Sentry.LiveViewHook` hook (available in the Sentry SDK starting with *v10.5.0*):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're also using [Phoenix LiveView](https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view), consider also setting up your LiveViews to use the `Sentry.LiveViewHook` hook (available in the Sentry SDK versions `10.5.0` and higher):
```
